= ec2ssh

A script to make it easier to ssh into running amazon EC2 instances.

Since ec2 instance public hostnames are dynamic, and not easy to remember or type, this script provides a list all your running instances so you can select the one you want to ssh into easily (without having to pass the aws console ritual each time you need the hostname).

You can configure several accounts, customize the action to run on the selected instance and restrict the list to only the regions you want.

Example yaml config file (~/.ec2ssh):

	# YAML file with your account credentials and configuration for your accounts.
	---
	# Default account to use
	:default:
	  :id: yourid
	  :key: yourkey
	  # Regions to check for running instances
	  :regions:
	  - us-east-1
	# Another account, you can ec2ssh second
	:second:
	  :id: yourid
	  :key: yourkey
	  :regions:
	  - eu-west-1
	  - us-east-1
	  # Command to run on selected instance. <instance> will be replaced by the selected instance hostname
	  :template: "ssh ec2-user@<instance> -i your-key.pem"

Invocation examples:

           # Using the default account
           ec2ssh
           # To use the second account
           ec2ssh second

Example menu:

        0. i-5e523428:  gandalf webserver sysadmins  ec2-79-165-69-177.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com
        1. i-5e653429:  frodo   database  sysadmins  ec2-45-134-69-185.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com

Columns in order: instance id, Name Tag, security groups, ssh key name, dns_name.

== Contributing to ec2ssh

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ramon Salvadó. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

